.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH BU2SW 1 "May 7, 2013"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
bu2sw \- backup data to OpenStack Swift
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bu2sw
.RI [ options ] " (file|directory)"
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B bu2sw
commands.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBbu2sw\fP is a command line tool for backup data to OpenStack Swift. provides features are command line interface, and backup rotatition.

.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the Info files.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Show program's version number.
.TP
.B \-c CONFIG, \-\-config CONFIG
Specify configuration file
.TP
.B \-\-container CONTAINER
Specify container name
(default: FQDN of host when executes this command)
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-list
Listing object data
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
list verbose
.TP
.B \-p PATH [PATH ...], \-\-path PATH [PATH ...]
Backup target files/directory path
.TP
.B \-s STDIN \-\-stdin STDIN
Backup target files from stdin pipe or redirect, and specify backup object name
.TP
.B \-r RETRIEVE [RETRIEVE ...], \-\-retrieve RETRIEVE [RETRIEVE ...]
Retrieve backup data
.TP
.B \-o OUTPUT, \-\-output OUTPUT
Specify file path of retrieved object
(only retrieving simple object)
.TP
.B \-d DELETE [DELETE ...], \-\-delete DELETE [DELETE ...]
Delete backup data
.TP
.SH SEE ALSO
.br
The programs are documented by
.IR "README.rst".
.SH AUTHOR
backup2swift was written by Kouhei Maeda <mkouhei@palmtb.net>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Kouhei Maeda <mkouhei@palmtb.net>.
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
